The
hey what's up everybody.
This is Jason with slopes dot com.
And in this video we're going to do a quick introduction to what success is.
And a little bit of the history behind it.
So what is the assess.
Well CSSA is a cascading style sheet.
Let me pull this up for you.
This is dev slopes Web site CSX allows us to take control of the design and the layout of the website.
It allows us to position things in a nav bar at the top here.
It allows us to place images and style our font and change the color and the text size.
Now we we are in version 3 of the SS CSSA one was first introduced in the early 1990s but introduced
really basic things like adjusting the font size and color of things.
It made web design a little bit easier but it was still really really limited and it really didn't gain
traction with browsers until the early 2000s when Explorer 5.0 came out for the Macintosh and it supported
over 99 percent of CSSA one.
So it was a really big deal then and then it wasn't until early 2000s that CSSA 2 came out which was
awesome.
It introduced a lot of things like positioning and Z indexes which allowed web designers to place elements
on a web page literally anywhere that they wanted to.
I found this web site is really hard for me to find actually because everything is so up to date.
I believe this is probably something that is built with CSSA too.
They were able to center things here.
They changed some of the text color and of these little goofy little images here.
You'll also notice that this isn't mobile compatible.
See how I'm having to scroll horizontally here side to side.
The web site isn't mobile compatible and that's where CSSA 3 comes into play.
CSSA 3 is really what paved the way for Responsive Web design.
It introduced a lot of the media equerries that would detect like a browser with on a desktop or a mobile
device and then allowed web developers to design and make mobile responsive web sites.
And it also introduced a lot of fun other things like animations and really cool other styling properties
as well.
So Jess our guy Jess he designed this Web site you can see it's mobile compatible here.
Everything conforms moblie here the nav bar has collapsed.
We've got a drop down things like that.
So that's what CSSA is in a nutshell.
We're going to be covering everything there is about CSSA 3 and how to apply it in real world web site.
All right so that's it for this video.
Let's let's get rock in with some CSSA three.